So here's our loin.
We are now boneless
and I'm going to remove this loin.
And then we're going to do some silver
skin butchery.
So I'm just going to follow this team
here.
And when we're talking about seam
butchery,
it's really just like that
once you know where to follow,
you don't have to do much work.
A little touch with the knife
just to help it along.
And then what I've got here.
Is my loin and my belly.
Now, here's that silver skin
that we're talking about.
And we want to remove this.
It's tough if you cook it on there,
it gets even tougher.
It's not edible, must be removed.
Now there's a couple of different ways
to do this.
The easiest one is to get underneath it
and use a long knife stroke.
Look at the angle of my knife.
It's kind of pointing up
towards the ceiling. OK.
And then I'm going to make this
taught in my hand,
and I'm going to do a nice, long,
knife stroke here,
removing our silver skin
just by getting underneath
of it.
Underneath of it.
And the angle of your knife
is going to help you here.
You don't want to be cutting down
towards the meat.
OK, nice long, nice strokes help.
Clean there?